documentation about Circles 22 (#6220)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/groupware/circles/app_overview.rst

========
Overview
========

Circles is a Nextcloud App that allow Nextcloud users to generate their own grouping of users and contacts.

Types of Circles
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::
 Once the Circles app is enabled, your users can creates 2 types of Circles: `Circle` and `Personal Circle`.
 There is no way to switch from `Circle` to `Personal Circle` and vice versa.
 `Personal Circle` are really specific and will be treated separately.

> When creating a Circle, its default configuration makes it 'Closed' and `Hidden`, meaning than no one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a Circle, its default configuration makes it 'Closed' and `Hidden`, meaning that no one
```

can see it or join it but the Circle can already be used as an entity to share files and content.

> The user that created the Circle is the first and only Member and will have Owner rights that allows him/her to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user that created the Circle is the first and only Member and will have Owner rights that allows them to:
```

- add/remove Members,

> - edit their Level,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- edit members' Levels,
```
be more specific

- change the settings of the Circle,

> - change its configuration

Reviewer: configuration of what?

Author: configuration of the Circle itself. 
- Settings is about name, description, limit to the number of members
- Configuration is about how if the Circle is visible, open, federated, ...

Reviewer: > Settings is about name, description, limit to the number of members
> Configuration is about how if the Circle is visible, open, federated, ...

Alright. Then let's make that more clear to the reader.

.. _app_overview_type_circles:

> The configuration is done by enabling/disabling some flag that define the way other people view and join the Circle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is done by enabling/disabling some flags that define the way other people view and join the Circle:
```

>  - **Visible** (8): Visible to everyone, if not visible, people have to know its name to be able to find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Visible** (8): Visible to everyone, if not visible, people have to know the Circle's name to be able to find
```

   it.

 - **Open** (16): Circle is open, people can join it.

>  - **Invite** (32): Adding a Member generate an invitation that needs to be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Invite** (32): Adding a Member generates an invitation that needs to be accepted.
```

 - **Request** (64): A request to join the Circle needs to be validated by a Moderator.

>  - **Friend** (128): Members of the Circle can invite their friends.

Reviewer: "Friend" is a strong word here, not really suitable for enterprise environments.
The string might likely have to be adjusted in the app itself as well (if you agree)

>  - **Password Protected** (256): a Password is required to join or request to join the Circle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Password Protected** (256): A password is required to join or request to join the Circle.
```

 - **Federated** (8192): Circle is Federated. (cf. :doc:`federated_overview`)

Mixed, those flags can generate some interesting configurations:

 - **Open** + **Request**: Anyone can initiate a request to join the circle, Moderator can add Members

 - **Open** + **Invite**: Everyone can enter, Moderators must send invitation.

 - **Open** + **Invite** + **Request**: Everyone send a request, Moderator must send Invitation.

 - **Request** + **Friend**: No one can join the Circle, but all members can request a moderator to accept
   new members.

>  - **Friend** + **Invite**: No one can join the Circle, but all members can add new member. An invitation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Friend** + **Invite**: No one can join the Circle, but all members can add new members. An invitation
```

   will be generated.

 - **Friend** + **Invite** + **Request**: No one can join the Circle, but all members can request a moderator

>    to accept new Member. An invitation will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to accept new members. Invitations will be generated.
```

Personal Circles
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Personal Circle is a Circle that can only be managed, **and used**, by the Owner of the Circle. No one
else, beside its creator, will have access to the Circle or be able to share any files and content to it.

There is no possible configuration of a Personal Circle.

System Circles
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - **Single** (1): Circle that only contains a single Member. This circle have no configuration option available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Single** (1): Circle that only contains a single Member. This circle has no configuration options available
```
